Announcement posted on Saturday, February 23, 2019 at 6:40 PM CST.
Reporting bugs that you've lost your buffer list and are getting errors when loading the pack isn't a bug, and it's not really my problem. If you read the Readme, it states, very clearly, that you have to save your buffers if you're a first time pack user, and do not get rid of bufferlist.txt in the root of your VIP folder. This has been a constant issue from the time I added this buffer code, and I honestly wonder sometimes if it's best to remove buffers from the pack altogether. Anyway, rant over. Have a good evening.

Announcement posted on Saturday, February 9, 2019 at 7:54 PM CST.
Commenting on the Dropbox public link for the VIP2 version of my pack has been disabled as it was being strongly abused. Thank you for reading.

Announcement posted on Saturday, December 22, 2018 at 12:00 PM CST.
After a few weeks off, I am back from my coding vacation. Past announcements still stand, such as only communicating about the pack in game and short, nondescriptive bug reports and suggestions being deleted, but for users who give helpful feedback and text when needed, I'm now back and ready to do stuff.

Announcement posted on Thursday, December 06, 2018 at 8:50 AM CST.
I kindly ask from here on out, all and any communication with me to do with this soundpack be kept on game. No more emails, no more Twitter DM's, no more skype messages. Keep it all on the game please. I've removed all of my info from the get-info command so as to avoid issues that have been coming up more and more lately. Again, please keep all soundpack communication on the mud either on the soundpacks channel, via mail, or via OTR link. Any messages that are not sent on the game will be ignored. Thank you.

Announcement posted on Wednesday, November 28, 2018 at 9:20 PM CST.
Due to issues with the program and the fact that most users use Dropbox anyway, I have decided to stop updating the pack using BTSync. If you have been using BTSync and would like to be invited to the Dropbox folder, let me know. Otherwise, you can simply download and update the updated pack on Sundays using the public link. A shared Dropbox folder has also been created for the VIP1 version of the soundpack. Sorry for any inconvenience this may cause anyone.

Announcement posted on Friday, November 23, 2018 at 9:47 PM CST.
Please note. It is not my job what so ever to provide users with keys for VIPMud. Telling me that it's my job to make sure that users have a full copy of VIPMud so that they can run my soundpack is way way out of line. Begging me, demanding of me, and being rude when I very nicely tell you no is also uncalled for. If this continues, and if I am asked on game for VIPMud keys, I will start reporting players. If this is done off of game on platforms sutch as twitter, I will start blocking players. I've delt with it nicely up until now. But, that's changing. Sorry if this comes across as mean, rude, or however you'd like to word it. But, I can only take so much before I have to say enough is enough.

Announcement posted on Thursday, November 22, 2018 at 7:45 PM CST.
As I'm sure most developers would agree, developing anything, whether it be a soundpack, a website, or a computer program, involves as much working with users as it does working with the code itself. Some users appreciate the work and are very helpful with suggestions, reports and feedback about what's working and what isn't. Others make demands, refuse to provide needed information, and have trouble realizing that sometimes real life, health and other issues get in the way. I would like to extend my deepest thanks to the former group who use my pack, who have played a large part in making this soundpack what it is. You are why I do what I do. I plan to continue the work, but unfortunately working with the latter group takes a toll on my physical and mental health from time to time. For this reason, starting on the first of December, I have decided to step away for a month or so, to take care of myself and regain perspective. Bug reports and suggestions are still welcome and will be looked at when I return, but be aware that due to physical limitations, many suggestions will not be able to be done unless I receive the text I need to make the triggers. Without the text particularly for high spam or difficult activities, the features simply will not be added. Thank you, and I will let everyone know when I am ready to return to coding. Note that threats, begging or other negative responses to this necessary decision will simply be ignored. Again, thank you to those who have helped me make this pack possible now and in the future.
