a planetoid harvester cruises up behind the vehicle, clearly trying to overtake.
Tovertake
a planetoid harvester honks at you and you look over to see the driver making abusive gestures at you.
Honk random pan olsa iyi olur
you hear loud honking and look round to see the driver of a moon truck over take you, silently yelling abuse out of his window.
honk az sonra car ikisi de random pan olsa mantıklı olmaz da eğlenceli olur. Honkun panıyla carın panını eşitleyemezsin heralde.
a planetoid harvester won't get out of your side mirror and keeps running beside you like he wants to overtake.
tovertake random pan olsa iyi olur
Two vehicles race up either side, the drivers grinning as they zoom past.
Art arda 2 car random pan
a planetoid harvester cruises along beside the vehicle.
tovertake random pan
A volcano harvester sails past.
car random pan
You sharply accelerate and pull onto the highway.
The vehicle leaves a planetoid harvester in the dust.
car random pan
A volcano harvester overtakes, the driver giving you a smarmy grin from his window.
car random pan
A vehicle comes out of nowhere and clips you!
a volcano miner sails off into the distance.
car random pan
There is the flash of a speed camera.
Speedcam random pan
You decelerate.
A loud horn blairs from somewhere!
You indicate then, as someone lets you through, pull sharply into the opposite lane and change direction.
The vehicle takes a sharp turn and manages to change direction with only minimal grumbling from the tires.
The vehicle gets boxed in by a few lorries for a moment.
Car random pan
You pull sharply off of the highway and slow to a stop.
The vehicle shrieks to a stop, black smoke drifting past the windows.
Something bounces off of the outside of the vehicle.
Bounce random pan
You furiously weave the vehicle from side to side, trying to ram a digger off of the road.
The vehicle weaves crazily!
There is a huge crash!
The vehicle shrieks off of the highway, spins twice, then flips!
Crash
A bug splats against the windscreen.
Splat random pan